Feat  rdf active feedback (#92)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/recap/access.md

# Accessing ReCAP

> TODO rename file to `recap-access.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[https://recap.rcs.ic.ac.uk/](https://recap.rcs.ic.ac.uk/)

Select the large **Log In** button. You will be authenticated using Imperial Single Sign-On (SSO).

> If you are having issues accessing ReCAP, please [contact us](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-support/contact-us/) via our ticket system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having issues accessing ReCAP, please [contact us](../support/index.md) via our ticket system.
```
